(bright electronic music)
- [Instructor] Now it is your turn
to solve a programming challenge
based on all we learned in the course so far.
Here's how the problem statement reads.
You need to write a class
which performs numerical operations.
The constraint on this class is
that it should accept only Number and its subtype of values.
Then you add a constructor to this class
which accepts multiple values for your operands
and initializes the corresponding instance variable
in your class.
After this, you need to add a method
which will return you a sorted list of the numbers.
Then add yet another method
to calculate the maximum value among them.
And to do the above,
you could always use standard APIs in Java
as far as possible to perform your mathematical operations.
So there is no need to sit and write your own logic
for either sorting or getting the maximum value
among the numbers.
Once your solution is ready,
you can test it out using a list of Long values.
A couple of hints, in case you want a harder challenge,
you can skip ahead.
You can use the Collections utility class
to sort the numbers and get maximum value among the numbers.
There are ready-made APIs available in this utility
in order to do those functions for you.
You will need to use both the Number class
and the Comparable interface
in your generic type parameter declaration
that you do for your class.
So pause the video now
and go ahead and take the challenge.